yesterday which allows the temporary available in two times these both a pair
tears are new album this year
have since traveled to the north
for this reason we can interview another one at the end of the works
and will take over
yes as it should be nice to work
yesterday the phone spoke with a new album yes it was lovely it was one
cozy and sporty and
nice with the band experience
collective nice to show something different from myself just the musicality
lille and i'm walking around and politics the american who wants to get rid of
but I could get lost yesterday
You have already lost a little on you and approved
ria now the certainty as with a band with honest bananas the weather
to burn something else or don't say something
but I certainly have
7 arm PhD student id2 it is the first victory this album what you have it is
in the meantime all done a lot, no I have talk I have
experienced this
I had made 40 songs for these roads, there have only been twelve
in the end
and that has been very much occupied with that I have done that video clips me
have it
it is nothing else that you do not have everything I worked on
album
at the time i wrote one for different people transporting van
a French thing done
and then but actually you put yes your numbers I assume yes x of which
the text half got anp
where do you get inspiration from
all kinds of events
stories from others
like fictional story too
that's how the VVV fantasies
and also for years also things are just the rouck itself I think is going to be bearded
it easier
where are you already running a company that mainly
mainly revolves around ladies, however, he gave up too much for a contraction
which stone have you chosen now I have chosen more
purely because that other theme of getting from the ceo is sex
these benefits
You could say it is a big compliment because there is Ken
really the king why that and who has really done great things too
outside ormi young say
but so you can imagine how drastic are there are
of course all about sex
you still have one with a certain idea or a certain back of mind
whoever wrote your songs or watched several ladies year round
Many numbers are those that are best doctors to do for example crazy hey that's it
oldest song of the CD that was made in 2007 so it's a very different one
lady only thank you for example
we are that way yes and what we expect a lot in the coming period what
can remedy anyway many performances here and there I do not have
want to go to coach tour
yes what can talk and goes after the summer
he can better score package say the members of offering to schools than
I can continue with festivities in high school
sometimes the final guest artist
so that is something itself ex what I want to do after the summer
bah bah frankly I am very focused on that at the moment
I want to do and
perhaps still checked if there is a new CD for next year but first this is
that this year and many families of course
yes I am not so good now that the chill never no no never the kempen
I have an author from the ride in the kiosk
a